Teaching peers is one of the best ways to develop mastery. -- Jeff Atwood
Losing doesn't make me want to quit. It makes me want to fight that much harder. -- Coach Paul Bear Bryant
Real artists ship. -- Steve Jobs
I remember a brief, golden age when pre-rolls were restricted in length, but, alas, those few shinning months did not last... -- Mike McLeod
If you know what to type, then type. If you don't know what to type then take a shower, and stay in the shower until you know what to type. -- Dave Ungar
You don't need to own the universe, just see it. -- Doctor Who
Failure is the sound of beginning to suck a little less. -- Merlin Mann
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end: then stop. -- the King to the White Rabbit in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
Curiouser and curiouser! -- Alice
The death of an old person is like the burning of a library.  -- Traditional
Thank you for your patience during this emergency. -- Tech Support
Adventures suck when you're having them. -- Neal Peart
The mind, once expanded to the dimensions of larger ideas never returns to its original size. -- Oliver Wildle Homes
In any field, find the strangest thing and then explore it. -- John Wheeler, physicist
You cannot not communicate. Every behavior is a kind of communication. Because behavior does not have a counterpart (there is no anti-behavior), it is not possible not to communicate. -- Paul Watzlawick’s First Axiom of Communication
Good design is problem solving. -- Jeffrey Veen
One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we've been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We're no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It is simply too painful to acknowledge -- even to ourselves -- that we've been so credulous. (So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the new bamboozles rise.)  -- Carl Sagan, The Fine Art of Baloney Detection
There is not the slightest indication that [nuclear energy] will ever be obtainable. It would mean that the atom would have to be shattered at will. -- Albert Einstein
Education is the silver bullet. Education is everything. We don't need little changes, we need monumental, gigantic changes. Schools should be palaces. The competition for the best teachers should be fierce. They should be making six figure salaries. Schools should be incredibly expensive for government and be absolutely free of charge to its citizens, just like national defense. -- Sam Seaborn
Too many creative people don’t wanna learn how to be technical, so what happens? They become dependent on technical people.  Become technical.  You can learn that. If you’re creative and technical, you’re unstoppable. -- Robert Rodriguez
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder. -- M.C. Escher
Don’t give your customers what they ask for; give them what they want. -- Tom Preston-Werner
Please limit comments to answers or help in finding an answer. Wisecracks don't help people find answers. Thanks. -- Ask MetaFilter Comment Box
A Perl script is correct if it's halfway readable and gets the job done before your boss fires you. -- Larry Wall and Randal Schwartz in Programming Perl
Be regular and orderly in your life, that you may be violent and original in your work. -- Gustave Flaubert
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field. -- Niels Bohr
Good questions are a stimulus and a gift. -- Eric S. Raymond in How To Ask Questions The Smart Way
The only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is truly great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. -- Steve Jobs
I'd rather have scars from the life I lived than have none from the life I missed. -- Ben Weaver
If your pictures aren't good enough, you're not close enough. -- Robert Capa
Your first 10,000 photographs are your worst. -- Henri Cartier-Bresson
Which of my photographs is my favorite? The one I’m going to take tomorrow. -- Imogen Cunningham
For me the printing process is part of the magic of photography. It's that magic that can be exciting, disappointing, rewarding and frustrating all in the same few moments in the darkroom. -- John Sexton
You just keep doing what it looks like your supposed to be doing. No matter how crazy it seems. -- Jeff Bridges as Kevin Flynn in Tron
A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still -- Traditional
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working. -- Pablo Picasso
Technology is anything that was invented after you were born. -- Alan Kay
If you sit on, sleep on, stare at, or touch something for more than an hour a day, spend whatever it takes to get the best. -- Marco Arment
Science is a method to keep yourself from kidding yourself -- Edwin Land
The shuttle is always going to be a reflection of what a great nation can do when it dares to be bold and commits to follow through. We're not ending the journey today. We're completing a chapter of a journey that will never end. Let’s light this fire one more time, and witness this great nation at its best. -- Christopher Ferguson - Commander of Atlantis STS-135 - Final flight of the U.S. Space Shuttle Program
I could end the deficit in 5 minutes. You just pass a law that says that anytime there is a deficit of more than 3% of GDP all sitting members of congress are ineligible for reelection. -- Warren Buffett
The very purpose of spiritual practice is to help others. -- His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama
Grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines. -- Slashdot footer
Your character is an accumulation of your thoughts, your habits, and your priorities on a day to day basis. -- Nick Saban
Discipline is doing what you're supposed to do, when you're supposed to do it, the way it's supposed to get done. -- Nick Saban
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. -- Tom Cargill in Code Complete
Civility is required at all times; rudeness will not be tolerated. -- The Stack Overflow FAQ
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. --Benjamin Franklin
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Do not squander time for that is the stuff life is made of.  -- Benjamin Franklin
I conceive that the great part of the miseries of mankind are brought upon them by false estimates they have made of the value of things.  -- Benjamin Franklin
Some people die at twenty five and aren't buried until they are seventy five. -- Benjamin Franklin
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.  -- Benjamin Franklin
The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself. -- Benjamin Franklin
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.  -- Benjamin Franklin
The lions should just form Voltron immediately every time. -- Dan Benjamin
Good fences make good neighbors -- Robert Frost, "Mending Wall"
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn’t matter to me... Going to bed at night saying we’ve done something wonderful... that’s what matters to me. -- Steve Jobs
Inspiration is for amateurs; the rest of us just show up and get to work. -- Chuck Close
Ninety-five percent of the time when you actually have the energy and time to do something, you don't have the energy and time to think about what to do. That needs to already be done.  -- David Allen in his Get Things Done
Anything that is dismissed on the grounds of "the technology not being good enough yet" is going to happen. -- Ben Hammersley talking about Moore's Law
Good art is a kind of magic. -- David Foster Wallace
A vision without a task is but a dream. A task without vision is but drudgery. A vision with a task is the hope of the world. -- Cited as being on the wall of a Cathedral in Sussex, England from around 1730
I believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution. -- Albert Einstein
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if they are to be ultimately at peace with themselves. What someone can be, they must be. -- Abraham Maslow in Motivation and Personality (1954)
If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all the days of your life. -- Abraham Maslow
If swindling pays, then it will not stop. The definition of the good society is one in which virtue pays. -- Abraham Maslow
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail. -- The Psychology of Science: A Reconnaissance (1966)
You will either step forward into growth, or you will step backward into safety. -- Abraham Maslow
The good or healthy society would then be defined as one that permitted people's highest purposes to emerge by satisfying all their basic needs. -- Abraham Maslow
One of the goals of education should be to teach that life is precious. -- Abraham Maslow
Good interface design is as transparent as possible, because I don’t want to have to think about it. -- William Gibson
Gizmos bore me. People doing the weird unexpected things they do with gizmos fascinates me. -- William Gibson
No profession, trade, or calling, is overcrowded in the upper story. -- P.T. Barnum, Art of Making Money Or, Golden Rules for Making Money
Uncompromising integrity of character is invaluable. -- P.T. Barnum, Art of Making Money Or, Golden Rules for Making Money
There is scarcely anything that drags a person down like debt. -- P.T. Barnum, Art of Making Money Or, Golden Rules for Making Money
If any one person is bored at a meeting take this as a sing, that the meeting should be smaller. -- Robert L. Read, How to be a Programmer
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. -- Samuel Beckett
Most of the best decisions in my life came after realizing I don't know everything. --Merlin Mann
We want the internet to be a level playing field, which means no company or organisation should be able to dictate who can use it, how they can use it, who’s able to produce content, who can consume it, who’s able to create devices and software to consume it. -- Rob O'Callahan, head of Mozilla's New Zealand office
You have brains in your head. - You have feet in your shoes. - You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -- Dr. Seuss -- Oh, the Places You'll Go!
There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that "my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge. -- Isaac Asimov - Newsweek Column - January, 1980
The mind is for having ideas. Not for holding them. -- David Allen on a Merlin Mann podcast in 2006
People, as toolmakers, have the ability to make tools to amplify an inherent ability. -- Steve Jobs
As we move into the 80s, the amount of computational power, the amount of raw hourse power we can get into a small box for a reasonably price is staggering.  -- Steve Jobs in a presentation ca. 1980
I hate it when people call themselves entrepreneurs when what they're really trying to do is launch a startup and then sell or go public so they can cash in and move on. They're unwilling to do the work it takes to build a real company, which is the hardest work in business. -- Steve Jobs
The two central difficulties of programming are the same as the two central difficulties of road safety: like cars, programs are built by humans; and, like cars, programs are driven by humans. -- Damian Conway, Perl Best Practices
If you're going to tell people the truth, you better make them laugh; otherwise they'll kill you. -- George Bernard Shaw, probably, but maybe W. C. Fields or Charlie Chaplin or Oscar Wilde
A culture that's afraid of making mistakes is a culture that's afraid of learning. -- Mike Montero
When you let the world decide how big your inbox is, you are mega screwed. -- Merlin Mann
Design must be functional and functionality must be translated into visual aesthetics, without any reliance on gimmicks that have to be explained. -- Ferdinand A. Porsche
When the aliens come and someone needs to push a button hundreds or thousands of times a second. Somewhere, some kid who had an NES, who is now an adult, will be ready. -- John Siracusa
If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing. -- Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard’s Almanac
If you don't think something should exist in the world, don't participate in it. -- Mike Montero
Don't tell me that people don't belong out there. We belong wherever we want to go — and we'll do plenty well when we gets there. -- Wernher von Braun in Time Magazine, Feb. 1958
They say things happen for a reason, but they don't. They happen for a lark and from the well sprint of limitless, infinite chaos. Sometimes this cam be hysterically funny, and sometimes it's a kick in the teeth. -- Mr. Fox from Fantastic Mr. Fox
Anytime you are saying anything about something that's not yourself you're already on thin ice. -- Merlin Mann
Most of us only find our own voices after we've sounded like a lot of other people -- Neil Gaiman
I got a chance to be a photographer. They got a chance to stay in the office and brood. -- Joe McNally
Photography is just a collection of mistakes you make on the way to hopefully making something great. -- Joe McNally
The more obsessed we are with awards and lists, the further we get from truly appreciating things, the less we’re really living. -- John Roderick
What makes great things great is the things that you had to overcome to accomplish them. -- Coach Nick Saban
I have approximate answers, and possible beliefs, and different degrees of certainty about different things, but I’m not absolutely sure of anything. -- Richard Feynman - in The Pleasure of Finding Things Out (1999)
Creativity is our means of removing roadblocks from our daily lives. -- Brett Terpstra
If you learn to treasure a sense of curiosity, a lot of good things are going to happen. -- Merlin Mann
When the reality was depressing, men tried to console themselves with myths. -- Arthur C. Clarke -- The City and the Stars
Art is never defect free. Things that are remarkable never meet spec because that would make them standardized, not worth talking about -- Seth Godin in Lynchpin
In this culture of easy religion cheaply achieved, it seems to me that we've forgotten that all three of the great religions teach that the trials of the hero journey are a significant part of it. That there is no reward without renunciation and without the price.  -- Bill Moyer in The Power of Myth talks with Joseph Campbell
I don't believe in being interested in subjects because they are said to be important and interesting. I believe in being caught by it somehow or other. -- Joseph Campbell - The Power of Myth with Bill Moyers
Practice makes permanent -- Traditional
